Then I will come to your house in person tomorrow.
Waiting for your good news.
Let's go
Sister, are you really sure that you can solve the case one day?
My uncle Xikou's
Can you see my mood?
Ah sister
You make a condition
I will satisfy you with whatever you want.
I Want You
Help me find someone
Help me break up for a long time
Oops, don't talk about being alone
Ten people will do
But sister
Why do you like drinking so much?
If you buy it, you can buy it.
Wordy
Do you still want to break the million
think
They don't say
Have any brides died in the past few months?
Then go to the last crime scene first
Can you tell us?
What happened that night? Was it a ghost?
It was the ghost bride who killed my sister and he came back
The Ghost Bride had a daughter who was going to hurt in the east of the village a year ago
Forced to marry a bully
On the night of the wedding, he hung himself in disgrace
In a few days, the bully will hurt his father and die
Since then
The villagers say the ghost bride has a grudge
Possessed by those brides who come back to take revenge on society
Ghost kills
How is that possible?
It's true that night
I just heard my sister yell don't come here
Then my sister set herself on fire
But how are you sure your sister is a 4?
It was just me and my sister in the room that night
And when I came to the government to investigate the case
Beside the house.
Found the matchbox in my sister's room
Doctor Sunset from Dashuaifu said
This one has my sister's fingerprints all over it
Is it really haunted by ghosts?